Moved test agent and evaluations from datacommons-test-agents and removed datacommons-test-agents package (#73)
datacommonsorg/agent-toolkit: docs/get_started.md

```
#### Sample agent

> To configure the sample agent xxx to connect to a remote Data Commons server over HTTP, replace the `mcpToolset` section in the agent initialization code in `packages/datacommons-agents/sample_agents/test_tool_agent/agent.py` with the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the sample agent xxx to connect to a remote Data Commons server over HTTP, replace the `mcpToolset` section in the agent initialization code in `packages/datacommons-mcp/examples/sample_agents/basic_agent/agent.py` with the following:
```
